Add instructions for creating a new CNCF slack account (#652)
open-telemetry/community: README.md

### Discussions
We use [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/discussions) for most communications. Please join us there!

> For those who are brand new to OpenTelemetry and just want to chat or get redirected to the appropriate place for a specific question, feel free to join [the CNCF OpenTelemetry Slack channel](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/CJFCJHG4Q). If you are new, you can create a CNCF Slack account [hare](http://slack.cncf.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those who are brand new to OpenTelemetry and just want to chat or get redirected to the appropriate place for a specific question, feel free to join [the CNCF OpenTelemetry Slack channel](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/CJFCJHG4Q). If you are new, you can create a CNCF Slack account [here](http://slack.cncf.io/).
```

> For those who are brand new to OpenTelemetry and just want to chat or get redirected to the appropriate place for a specific question, feel free to join [the CNCF OpenTelemetry Slack channel](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/CJFCJHG4Q). If you are new, you can create a CNCF Slack account [hare](http://slack.cncf.io/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For those who are brand new to OpenTelemetry and just want to chat or get redirected to the appropriate place for a specific question, feel free to join [the CNCF OpenTelemetry Slack channel](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/CJFCJHG4Q). If you are new to the CNCF Slack workspace, you can create an account [here](http://slack.cncf.io/).
```

Reviewer 2: @tedsuo take your pick of these two suggestions :)

Author: saw the other one first, Yuri beat you by a hare
